= DESCRIPTION:

Configures and registers the server-side {JungleDisk}[https://www.jungledisk.com/] backup daemon, used for {Rackspace Apps Server Backup}[http://www.rackspace.com/apps/backup_and_collaboration/data_backup_software/].

This is a cookbook for use with {Opscode's chef}[http://www.opscode.com/chef/].

* JungleDisk chef Cookbook Homepage: http://github.com/mudbugmedia/jungledisk-chef-cookbook

= REQUIREMENTS:

This package has only been tested on Ubuntu 11.04 / chef 0.10.2.  It has un-tested support for Debian, and Redhat variants. All other platforms have not been fully implemented.

= ATTRIBUTES:
* <tt>[:jungledisk][:serial]</tt> => Serial number provided by jungledisk.com control panel
* <tt>[:jungledisk][:proxy][:enabled]</tt> => Enable proxying? (Fixnum: 0 or 1)
* <tt>[:jungledisk][:proxy][:server]</tt> => Proxy server hostname
* <tt>[:jungledisk][:proxy][:username]</tt> => Proxy server username
* <tt>[:jungledisk][:proxy][:password]</tt> => Proxy server password
* <tt>[:jungledisk][:proxy][:type]</tt> => Proxy server type (see templates/jungle-disk-license.xml.erb for details)

= USAGE:

Signup for JungleDisk at http://rackspace.com/apps/.  You will receive a unique serial number for each licensed server in your account.  This serial number can be fetched from the jungledisk.com control panel, which is reachable for Rackspace App cusomters at http://cp.rackspace.com/.

Edit each node's attributes (knife node edit foobar) to set the serial number attribute: <tt>{ "jungledisk": { "serial": "XXXXXXXXXX" } }</tt>

= LICENSE & AUTHOR:

Author:: Gabe Martin-Dempesy (<gabe-jungledisk-chef-cookbook@mudbugmedia.com>)
Copyright:: 2011, Mudbug Media, Inc

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

This software is independently developed and maintained by {Mudbug Media}[http://mudbugmedia.com] and Gabe Martin-Dempesy.  JungleDisk, Rackspace, and Opscode do not provide support for this package.